Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to display the seller's products in the body.
Okay, now to do this, we have to head back to our VTS code and within the scaffold.
As you know, it has a property known as body.
Now for the body, it's going to be a string builder.
Okay, so what we can do is we can go to the gallery directory gallery and we can just copy from the
electronics.
Okay.
And via where we are returning distributor we can highlight.
To.
I think it ends over.
Yeah, right.
Use control and see to copy.
And back to the visits to our screen and get rid of this and -- OC over this to see what we are
missing.
Expected to find another parenthesis and I think we need to get rid of that.
Okay.
Via semicolon.
Okay, great.
And now we have to import all this.
And part.
Okay.
Import.
And in part the models as well.
Okay.
And now we have this error.
So what we have to do is back to the electronics and we have to copy this.
Head back to the visitor and we have to pace this with ten year.
Right.
Okay.
We're just going to pass this via.
Maybe of the before this piece.
Okay, great.
Well, this time around, we are going to retrieve products where the seller.
You.
I'd.
We had the seller uid is equal to the store uid okay not to do this.
This is going to be we're.
The seller you ID is going to be equal to this seller.
Your ID remember the seller, your ID is basically referring to the store ID copy.
Don't forget that as most of the time if you forget, you're going to get confused on your ID and this
is basically hits.
Okay.
And.
And even though products we want to say.
Uh.
This.
This store.
This tour.
He has no eyes.
And yet I think that is okay.
And go check it out.
Okay.
I think we have a product for this store.
Sorry, no product.
Okay.
And this store has no item yet.
Remember the reason we have to change that?
You can see why before we were having this made.
Category is equal to electronics and that was why we are having we are having that electronics products.
So we have to say we had a seller.
Your ID and you can see what's in the products.
The products we have this field called Seller UID, which is basically referring to the uid of the user
and we are saying where is equal to the store uid?
Is equal to the seller uid whereby the seller ID is basically referring to the store uid because in
the store screen.
This touchscreen.
Touchscreen what we basically did was to pass the store your ID to that so that screen.
So it's basically referring to the store, your ID.
So we had this UID is equal to the store ID, we really want to retrieve that product.
And currently you can see this user has not uploaded any product.
Sorry, we just have to change that test back.
To say we're sorry.
This test.
This tour.
This store has no product yet.
Please Control to save.
And you should be saying this to us.
The.
As Nice said.
Yes.
Okay.
Now check this joy store.
I think we have the product as well.
And let's check this.
Okay.
I think we have some product.
Seems very cool.